welcome everybody my name is Jason manly
i'm one of the founders of
conceptart.org and the president of
massive black ink today we are here to
talk about the art of female portraiture
from imagination and the subjects today
are Caucasian females and we're going to
cover a number of things everything from
some notes on art history all the way
through head construction how to begin
portraits from imagination as well as
point you guys in the right direction in
in order to get some more in-depth
information so let's take a look and see
what song was doing to get started do
some self portraits draw your friends
draw people every day and over the
course of the next two months you're
going to see a tremendous amount of
improvement but it really takes a
conscious effort to capture the inner
essence of the gesture the body language
of the expression and and also be able
to hit likeness and and you know be able
to measure and see see properly so so
give it that practice give it a shot and
I look forward to seeing seeing some of
these get posted on the boards
you